README.md, before:

# Develop with Okteto

This repository contains examples of how to develop applications directly in your Kubernetes cluster using [okteto](https://github.com/okteto/okteto), with different programming languages, frameworks and deployment tools.

## Programming Languages

1. [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/okteto/aspnetcore-getting-started/)
2. [Deno](https://github.com/okteto/deno-getting-started)
3. [Golang](https://github.com/okteto/go-getting-started)
4. [Java Gradle](https://github.com/okteto/java-gradle-getting-started)
5. [Java Maven](https://github.com/okteto/java-maven-getting-started)
6. [Node](https://github.com/okteto/node-getting-started)
7. [PHP](https://github.com/okteto/php-getting-started)
8. [Python](https://github.com/okteto/python-getting-started)
9. [Ruby](https://github.com/okteto/ruby-getting-started)
10. [Rust](https://github.com/okteto/rust-getting-started)
11. [C](https://github.com/okteto/c-getting-started)

## Frameworks

1. [Django + Celery](https://github.com/okteto/math)
1. [Eleventy](https://github.com/okteto/eleventy-getting-started)
1. [Go + gRPC](https://github.com/okteto/grpc-in-okteto-cloud)
1. [Flask + CockroachDB](https://github.com/okteto/python-flask-cockroachdb)
1. [Python, fastapi and Celery](https://github.com/okteto/python-fastapi-celery)
1. [Grails](https://okteto.com/blog/develop-and-deploy-a-grails-application-in-okteto-cloud/)
1. [Node and Websockets](https://github.com/okteto/node-websocket)
1. [Multiple services with Node and React](https://github.com/okteto/movies)
1. [PHP + Webpack](php/README.md)
1. [React](https://okteto.com/blog/build-your-react-app-in-okteto-cloud/)
1. [React + Java Spring Boot (Maven) + MySQL](https://github.com/okteto/polling)
1. [Ruby on Rails](rails/README.md)
1. [Ruby on Rails + Sidekiq + Redis + PostgreSQL](https://github.com/okteto/chat)
1. [Clojure + Shadow CLJS](https://github.com/okteto/clojure-shadowcljs)

## Deployment Tools

1. [Helm](https://github.com/okteto/movies-with-helm)
1. [Docker Compose](https://github.com/okteto/movies-with-compose)
1. [Kustomize](https://github.com/okteto/polling)
1. [Github Actions](https://github.com/marketplace?type=actions&query=okteto+)
1. [Flux](https://okteto.com/blog/okteto-cloud-meets-gitops/)

## Serverless

1. [Cloud Run](https://okteto.com/blog/accelerate-serverless-development-with-cloud-run-and-okteto/)
1. [OpenFaaS with Golang](https://medium.com/okteto/how-to-develop-a-serverless-app-with-openfaas-and-okteto-d85435f0eca1)
1. [OpenFaaS with Node.js](https://github.com/okteto/openfaas-nodejs)
1. [OpenFaaS with Python](https://github.com/okteto/python-openfaas)
1. [Kubeless with Python](https://github.com/okteto/python-kubeless)

## Remote IDEs

1. [Coder in Kubernetes](coder/README.md)
1. [TensorFlow with Jupyter Notebooks](https://okteto.com/blog/deploy-jupyter-tensorflow-notebook-in-one-click/)
1. [VS Code Remote Development](https://okteto.com/blog/remote-kubernetes-development/)
1. [PyCharm Remote Development](https://okteto.com/blog/remote-development-environments-with-pycharm)

## Secrets
1. [Vault](https://github.com/okteto/go-vault-secrets)
1. [Okteto Pipeline with Secrets](https://github.com/okteto/pipeline-with-generated-secrets)

## Applications
1. [Movies: NodeJs + MongoDB](https://github.com/okteto/movies)
1. [Movies: Multirepo](https://github.com/okteto/movies-multi-repo)
1. [Guestbook: Go + Redis](https://github.com/okteto/go-guestbook)
1. [ToDO List: Go + Postgres](https://github.com/okteto/go-todo-list)
1. [Chaos Engineering with Litmus and Okteto Cloud](https://github.com/okteto/litmus-on-okteto)
1. [Polling App: React + Java Spring Boot (Maven) + MySQL](https://github.com/okteto/polling)
1. [Message Processing: Python + Flask + Kafka](https://github.com/okteto/kafka-stack)
1. [GraphQL: Node + Apollo Server](https://github.com/okteto/node-graphql-server)

## From the community

1. [Developing Like a Boss Series: AngularJS + Python + Spark](https://blogs.cisco.com/developer/devops-part-12)
1. [Develop and test your code directly in Kubernetes using Okteto and Civo Cloud](https://www.civo.com/learn/okteto-a-tool-to-develop-and-test-your-code-directly-in-kubernetes)
1. [OpenFaaS Deno HTTP function](https://github.com/austinrivas/openfaas_deno_func)
1. [OpenFaaS Rust HTTP function](https://github.com/austinrivas/openfaas_rust-warp_func)
1. [Micronaut Application to raffle prizes using a google sheet as backend](https://gitlab.com/groogle/mn-raffle)
1. [Shopware 6 in Okteto](https://github.com/shyim/shopware-6-okteto)
1. [Sinatra app](https://github.com/jjuarez/okteto-test)
1. [Spring Boot and IntelliJ](https://piotrminkowski.com/2020/06/15/development-on-kubernetes-with-okteto-and-spring-boot/)
1. [Run your own Chainlink Developer Node with Okteto](https://medium.com/@jeevanjotsinghvital/run-your-own-chainlink-developer-node-with-okteto-8adbc9a98664)

Did we miss your favorite platform? Do you have a cool demo? [File an issue](https://github.com/okteto/samples/issues/new) with your request, or better yet, [send us a PR](https://github.com/okteto/samples/pulls)!

Commit message:

Add link to Privacy Dynamics + Okteto demo

README.md, after:

# Develop with Okteto

This repository contains examples of how to develop applications directly in your Kubernetes cluster using [okteto](https://github.com/okteto/okteto), with different programming languages, frameworks and deployment tools.

## Programming Languages

1. [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/okteto/aspnetcore-getting-started/)
2. [Deno](https://github.com/okteto/deno-getting-started)
3. [Golang](https://github.com/okteto/go-getting-started)
4. [Java Gradle](https://github.com/okteto/java-gradle-getting-started)
5. [Java Maven](https://github.com/okteto/java-maven-getting-started)
6. [Node](https://github.com/okteto/node-getting-started)
7. [PHP](https://github.com/okteto/php-getting-started)
8. [Python](https://github.com/okteto/python-getting-started)
9. [Ruby](https://github.com/okteto/ruby-getting-started)
10. [Rust](https://github.com/okteto/rust-getting-started)
11. [C](https://github.com/okteto/c-getting-started)

## Frameworks

1. [Django + Celery](https://github.com/okteto/math)
1. [Eleventy](https://github.com/okteto/eleventy-getting-started)
1. [Go + gRPC](https://github.com/okteto/grpc-in-okteto-cloud)
1. [Flask + CockroachDB](https://github.com/okteto/python-flask-cockroachdb)
1. [Python, fastapi and Celery](https://github.com/okteto/python-fastapi-celery)
1. [Grails](https://okteto.com/blog/develop-and-deploy-a-grails-application-in-okteto-cloud/)
1. [Node and Websockets](https://github.com/okteto/node-websocket)
1. [Multiple services with Node and React](https://github.com/okteto/movies)
1. [PHP + Webpack](php/README.md)
1. [React](https://okteto.com/blog/build-your-react-app-in-okteto-cloud/)
1. [React + Java Spring Boot (Maven) + MySQL](https://github.com/okteto/polling)
1. [Ruby on Rails](rails/README.md)
1. [Ruby on Rails + Sidekiq + Redis + PostgreSQL](https://github.com/okteto/chat)
1. [Clojure + Shadow CLJS](https://github.com/okteto/clojure-shadowcljs)

## Deployment Tools

1. [Helm](https://github.com/okteto/movies-with-helm)
1. [Docker Compose](https://github.com/okteto/movies-with-compose)
1. [Kustomize](https://github.com/okteto/polling)
1. [Github Actions](https://github.com/marketplace?type=actions&query=okteto+)
1. [Flux](https://okteto.com/blog/okteto-cloud-meets-gitops/)

## Serverless

1. [Cloud Run](https://okteto.com/blog/accelerate-serverless-development-with-cloud-run-and-okteto/)
1. [OpenFaaS with Golang](https://medium.com/okteto/how-to-develop-a-serverless-app-with-openfaas-and-okteto-d85435f0eca1)
1. [OpenFaaS with Node.js](https://github.com/okteto/openfaas-nodejs)
1. [OpenFaaS with Python](https://github.com/okteto/python-openfaas)
1. [Kubeless with Python](https://github.com/okteto/python-kubeless)

## Remote IDEs

1. [Coder in Kubernetes](coder/README.md)
1. [TensorFlow with Jupyter Notebooks](https://okteto.com/blog/deploy-jupyter-tensorflow-notebook-in-one-click/)
1. [VS Code Remote Development](https://okteto.com/blog/remote-kubernetes-development/)
1. [PyCharm Remote Development](https://okteto.com/blog/remote-development-environments-with-pycharm)

## Secrets
1. [Vault](https://github.com/okteto/go-vault-secrets)
1. [Okteto Pipeline with Secrets](https://github.com/okteto/pipeline-with-generated-secrets)

## Applications
1. [Movies: NodeJs + MongoDB](https://github.com/okteto/movies)
1. [Movies: Multirepo](https://github.com/okteto/movies-multi-repo)
1. [Guestbook: Go + Redis](https://github.com/okteto/go-guestbook)
1. [ToDO List: Go + Postgres](https://github.com/okteto/go-todo-list)
1. [Chaos Engineering with Litmus and Okteto Cloud](https://github.com/okteto/litmus-on-okteto)
1. [Polling App: React + Java Spring Boot (Maven) + MySQL](https://github.com/okteto/polling)
1. [Message Processing: Python + Flask + Kafka](https://github.com/okteto/kafka-stack)
1. [GraphQL: Node + Apollo Server](https://github.com/okteto/node-graphql-server)

## From the community

1. [Developing Like a Boss Series: AngularJS + Python + Spark](https://blogs.cisco.com/developer/devops-part-12)
1. [Develop and test your code directly in Kubernetes using Okteto and Civo Cloud](https://www.civo.com/learn/okteto-a-tool-to-develop-and-test-your-code-directly-in-kubernetes)
1. [OpenFaaS Deno HTTP function](https://github.com/austinrivas/openfaas_deno_func)
1. [OpenFaaS Rust HTTP function](https://github.com/austinrivas/openfaas_rust-warp_func)
1. [Micronaut Application to raffle prizes using a google sheet as backend](https://gitlab.com/groogle/mn-raffle)
1. [Shopware 6 in Okteto](https://github.com/shyim/shopware-6-okteto)
1. [Sinatra app](https://github.com/jjuarez/okteto-test)
1. [Spring Boot and IntelliJ](https://piotrminkowski.com/2020/06/15/development-on-kubernetes-with-okteto-and-spring-boot/)
1. [Run your own Chainlink Developer Node with Okteto](https://medium.com/@jeevanjotsinghvital/run-your-own-chainlink-developer-node-with-okteto-8adbc9a98664)
1. [Anonymize production data with Privacy Dynamics and use it safely in development](https://www.privacydynamics.io/post/pre-configured-development-environments-with-okteto/) 

Did we miss your favorite platform? Do you have a cool demo? [File an issue](https://github.com/okteto/samples/issues/new) with your request, or better yet, [send us a PR](https://github.com/okteto/samples/pulls)!
