math/README.md, before:

# Math App

This example shows how to leverage [Okteto](https://cloud.okteto.com) to develop a golang app directly in the cloud. 

## Step 1: Install the Okteto CLI

Install the Okteto CLI by running the following command in your local terminal:

MacOS/Linux

```console
curl https://get.okteto.com -sSfL | sudo sh
```

Windows

```console
wget https://downloads.okteto.com/cloud/cli/okteto-Windows-x86_64 -OutFile c:\windows\system32\okteto.exe
```

## Step 2: Login from the Okteto CLI

```console
$ okteto login
```

This will give you an Okteto Space, where you can create Okteto Environments to code and collaborate.

## Step 3: Create your Okteto Environment

Get a local version of the sample application by executing the following commands in your local terminal:

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/okteto/cloud-samples
$ cd cloud-samples/math
```

You now have a functioning git repository that contains a simple golang application. Now start your Okteto Environment by running the following command:

```console
$ okteto up
```

The `okteto up` command will automatically start an Okteto Environment. It will also start a file synchronization service to keep your changes up to date between your local filesystem and your Okteto Environment. 

<img class="center" src="images/okteto-up.png" width="900" />

Once the Okteto Environment is ready, start your application by executing the following command in your Okteto Terminal:

```console
okteto> go run main.go
```

Your application is now ready to be tested. You can check it by browsing the application's endpoint, adding the path `/mult/3/4`. In our case, it would be the endpoint `https://damp-darkness.rberrelleza.cloud.okteto.net/mult/3/4`.

> Note that Okteto creates a public HTTPS endpoint forwarding to the port 8000 of your application.

Congratulations, you just deployed your first Okteto Application 🚀! 

## Step 4: Develop directly in the cloud

Now things get more exciting. Edit the file `math/main.go` and switch the word `mult` by `times` at line 43. Save your changes. Cancel the execution of `go run main.go` from your Okteto Terminal by pressing `ctrl + c`. Run your tests to check that everything is fine with your changes:

```console
okteto> go test ./...
```

And finally rerun your application:

```console
okteto> go run main.go
```

In just seconds, your code changes are live! Check it by accessing the path `/times/3/4` of your application endpoint. No commit or push required 😎!

## Step 5: Deploy your application

Now that you are happy with your changes, it is time to deploy them.

Press `ctrl + c` and `ctrl + d` to go back to your local terminal, and execute:

```console
$ okteto run okteto/math:0.1.0
```

This command replaces your Okteto Environment by a service running the `okteto/math:0.1.0` docker image. If you want to use another docker image, you will need to build and push it to a public docker registry. (*[Contact us](mailto:sales@okteto.com?Subject=Support for private images)  if you're interested in support for private images*).

Commit message:

Dockerfiles and updated "run" explanation based on the getting started text

math/README.md, after:

# Math App

This example shows how to leverage [Okteto](https://cloud.okteto.com) to develop a golang app directly in the cloud. 

## Step 1: Install the Okteto CLI

Install the Okteto CLI by running the following command in your local terminal:

MacOS/Linux

```console
curl https://get.okteto.com -sSfL | sudo sh
```

Windows

```console
wget https://downloads.okteto.com/cloud/cli/okteto-Windows-x86_64 -OutFile c:\windows\system32\okteto.exe
```

## Step 2: Login from the Okteto CLI

```console
$ okteto login
```

This will give you an Okteto Space, where you can create Okteto Environments to code and collaborate.

## Step 3: Create your Okteto Environment

Get a local version of the sample application by executing the following commands in your local terminal:

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/okteto/cloud-samples
$ cd cloud-samples/math
```

You now have a functioning git repository that contains a simple golang application. Now start your Okteto Environment by running the following command:

```console
$ okteto up
```

The `okteto up` command will automatically start an Okteto Environment. It will also start a file synchronization service to keep your changes up to date between your local filesystem and your Okteto Environment. 

<img class="center" src="images/okteto-up.png" width="900" />

Once the Okteto Environment is ready, start your application by executing the following command in your Okteto Terminal:

```console
okteto> go run main.go
```

Your application is now ready to be tested. You can check it by browsing the application's endpoint, adding the path `/mult/3/4`. In our case, it would be the endpoint `https://damp-darkness.rberrelleza.cloud.okteto.net/mult/3/4`.

> Note that Okteto creates a public HTTPS endpoint forwarding to the port 8000 of your application.

Congratulations, you just deployed your first Okteto Application 🚀! 

## Step 4: Develop directly in the cloud

Now things get more exciting. Edit the file `math/main.go` and switch the word `mult` by `times` at line 43. Save your changes. Cancel the execution of `go run main.go` from your Okteto Terminal by pressing `ctrl + c`. Run your tests to check that everything is fine with your changes:

```console
okteto> go test ./...
```

And finally rerun your application:

```console
okteto> go run main.go
```

In just seconds, your code changes are live! Check it by accessing the path `/times/3/4` of your application endpoint. No commit or push required 😎!

## Step 5: Deploy your application

Now that you are happy with your changes, it's time to run your updated application with the `okteto run` command. Instead of launching an Okteto Environment and synchronizing your files, the `okteto run` command automatically deploys a container into your Okteto Space.

Let's build a Docker image with your latest changes. Press `ctrl + c` and `ctrl + d` in your Okteto Terminal to go back to your local terminal, and execute the following command to build your docker image and push it to [Docker Hub](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/repos/):

```console
$ docker build -t <hub-user>\math
$ docker push <hub-user>\math
```

> If you don't have access to Docker Hub, you can use `okteto/math:0.1.0` instead of your own docker image to complete this step.

Once your image is ready, run the following command to deploy your container:

```console
$ okteto run <hub-user>\math
```

After a couple of seconds, your application will be ready. Go back to the browser and reload the page to see your new docker container up and running. 

> `okteto run` only supports images from public docker repositories.[Contact us](mailto:sales@okteto.com?Subject=Support for private images) if you're interested in support for private images
